Hi, guys.
Walker, in this lecture regularly used the list view the view there.
And the reason for this is uses are going to be what a hard multiple item so they are cuts and we are
going to display this item over here.
Okay so now you can see the list view duder as a way to look over each cut item.
Okay, not to do this, I don't need to go back to the code and then the cut screen and then we can
use cut.
You agree to make this wide?
Okay, now we can get rid.
Of this item first.
Okay.
And we can then use the least.
View.
The Church.
View the.
Right.
Okay.
These YouTube video.
We can then had.
I think.
Okay.
Now for The View there.
This is going to take in.
The contest, we can specify the type.
It is a type of bude.
Contest.
Okay.
Oswald is going to take in the intense and you can specify the type it is a type of event.
Now we can just break this down, and then we can return the cards.
Item, screen item.
Okay.
Now use control.
And this is save this fy.
Confront this.
Okay.
You can sit.
Okay well the item currently on limited.
So what we can do.
The list view the beta as a property, not as item cards.
Okay.
So you can break this down and use the high temp counts.
We can see.
We just want to from now.
For now.
Okay.
Now use control and s to save.
And go check it out.
Okay.
Great.
Right.
Okay.
But now we have three items.
Right.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see it in a nutshell.